"Configuration using Preferences framework.",""
"Log panel an actions. Testing MyDoggy as docking framework.",""
"Removed some violations",""
"ref #5: skeleton for workspace actions. Context for recent workspaces.",""
"ref #3: Partially working thumbnails preferences panel.",""
"Sejda task execution listeners to play sounds on task completion",""
"Reusable destination panel for file and folders.",""
"check for updates only if user settings say so.",""
"Checkstyle to check only java source files",""
"New compiler settings for java 7. Fixed project Coin enhancements.",""
"new compiler setting for java 7",""
"Partial refarctor of the event related features. Added a template class to have a more expressive DSL.",""
"Changed scm configuration in pom to point to GitHub.",""
"Use of Spring @Profile to distinguish Basic and Enhanced versions",""
"Cloaked Twitter and SCM url in the About window",""
"i18n context avoid to calculate best fit at every call",""
"Hide window on Escape released",""
"Added an unread error message indicator. To tell the user that some unread error messages have been logged.",""
"Added lambda expressions. Upgraded Spring. Partial implementaion of the pdf version combo",""
"App title reflecting the selected module",""
"Play sounds using javafx media. Doesn't work on my Ubuntu, needs to be investigate (no error and no sound).",""
"Travis to use jdk8",""
"Ignore GUI tests for now",""
"Use of iText5",""
"FileChooser and DirectoryChooser to remember the last used directory. Since it's not provided by JavaFX: https://javafx-jira.kenai.com/browse/RT-15290",""
"ref #38: added the two menu items Current implementation uses Desktop since I couldn't find a JavaFX equivalent. According to comment in the JavaFX JIRA this should work but it doesn't work for me. I have to investigate if I'm doing something wrong or if it's a bug.",""
"close #36: table scrolls when moving rows around",""
"close #23: handling of encrypted files. Users can now input the user password to decrypt the document",""
"ref #19: page selection cell now uses the JavaFX provided implementation of a TextFieldTableCell allowing edit and commit on Enter key. Still missing edit on focus lost.",""
"Reiplemented updates check as a Service using JSON. Still missing UI to notify the user",""
"Default dashboard item through DI.",""
"Workarea selected module remains selected when the Dashboard is closed Which is when a SetActiveModuleRequest with no module id is broadcasted.",""
"Preferences ported to the Dashboard panel",""
"Partialy implemented Stage to show document information. Still missing the Security panel. Some events have been renamed.",""
"merged EncryptionStatus and LoadingStatus Still not propertly working for the selection table. Still need to fix padding for the single selection.",""
"FileChoosers now remember the latest directory Annotated method wasn't discovered.",""
"Validation on Enter key made optional. validate method doesn't make the validation state NOT_VALIDATED prior to validation. NOT_VALIDATED state is set only when text of the field changes. This avoid to trigger a VALID-NOT_VALIDATED-VALID chain every time the validate() method is called which was in practice triggering the state change listeners everytime the validate() was called, even if the state wasn't actually changed.",""
"No tooltip for the footer buttons",""
"Enabled accelerators fos selection table context menu",""
"Typo and code templates",""
"Moved events to the common package Added unit tests",""
"Avoid error tooltip interfering with the tests",""
"Wrong DI annotation",""
"Waiting the tooltip to disappear to avoid it interfere with other tests",""
"modules names and descriptions",""
"Show console output when run from the bat script",""
"Dashboard items can be closed only if there is a current active module",""
"Still playing with the roundish theme",""
"Ignore test failing on CI server",""
"ref #9: added confirmation dialogs Removed the "Ask confirmation" setting. Overwrite is unchecked by default. If Overwrite is selected the output files are overwritten. If Overwrite is not selected and the output file does not exist or the output directory is empty, output files are just written. If Overwrite is not selected and the output file exists or the output directory is not empty, a confirmation dialog pops up. Still missing Unit tests",""
"Ignore failing test",""
"Selection table columns are not hideable",""
"Merge option panel expanded by default",""
"Missing font for the news template",""
"Style and compiler settings",""
"Send load event only if there actually are documents to be loaded",""
"Use CompletableFuture in service",""
"close #59: validation of integers fails on negative numbers",""